So glad I finally got to try this place! I remember when they first opened, they were serving brunch but it looks like they're just open for dinner now. My boyfriend and I were here on a Tuesday night and got lucky with no wait. The food and service is spectacular! Our server was very friendly and explained every dish that we ordered). The food is tapas style - very reasonable priced and the portions are great (unlike many tapas places that skimp on portions + overcharge).

For the capri suns, we both got the Lychee Reach Rich. So yummy! It has lychee + mango.

This is what we ordered (in the order it came out):

Pork Belly Taco ($6): This is a single big taco that they cut into two pieces. There's nothing super interesting about this taco, but the pork belly was very good. The sauces meshed well together.

Kimchi Paella ($12): SO SO SO DELICIOUS. It comes white tiger shrimp, mussels, and caramelized kimchi. The consistency of this dish definitely resembles risotto more than a paella. It's very creamy and packed with flavor. The caramelized kimchi really stood out to us. A+ highly recommend this dish.

Truffle Mac and Cheese ($9): Star of the night! This is definitely one of the best truffle mac and cheese I've ever had in my life. It's sooo cheesy. There are clams in this dish and added a really nice chewy texture. Although it's small, it's so filling because of all the pasta and cheese.

Steak ($12): We weren't asked how we wanted our steak, but it came out medium rare (perfect!) The steak is good, but definitely not their signature. The sauce, soy-garlic glaze, is really great with the grits. The kale is drenched in the sauce as well.

Matcha Bread Pudding ($9): This reminds me of lava cake since they add ice cream on top. The bread pudding has a really nice flavor but a little too mushy for my liking.

I think for two people, you can definitely get away with just three dishes (which is amazing for a place that's supposed to be tapas style!) We were so stuffed after the meal, but definitely super satisfied. I'm so excited to come back and try the other dishes!