okay i literally was about to just go CRAZY raving about this place, but immediately to my right, i see another reviewer wrote: "I love this place. Right away the customer service was friendly and kept blowing me away the longer I was there."

YEP that's pretty much it. all of capitol hill, please come to this joint to learn how a PROPER restaurant treats customers! my friend and i came here for the first time after work. we had mentioned to each other that this was our first time there; upon hearing us, John (i think was his name) immediately had us sample all the poke and the taco salad and pretty much whatever else we wanted to sample. he explained all the fish was flown in from hawaii (with the exception of salmon), hence the fresh, less fishy, but still melt-in-your-mouth taste. everything was BOMB but we settled on a KING bowl (which is huge btw and PLENTY to share for two, maybe even three) topped with tuna and salmon spicy aioli and the regular salmon. lots of fixins (extra for avocado i think). the ladies further down the line were also super friendly and welcoming. we only met them for the first time, but by the time we made it to the end of the line, i was ready to call them my close family members. 

after dinner, we were so stuffed and didn't have much room for dessert, but we wanted to check it out anyway. my friend got a guava bubbie but apparently it's similar colored to some of the other flavors so she was accidentally given a peppermint one. of course the gracious man offered her the correct one free of charge. my lady helping me let me sample the dole whip and she even sprinkled li hing mui on half of it so i could try it.

OH midway through the meal, another kind lady came and offered free miso soup for the customers with some spoons (it was good). i mean honestly it was just too much kindness that i didn't know what to do w/ myself.  

i know there are a LOT of poke joints popping up around here in seattle, but do yourself a big ol' favor and check THIS place out!