Although Canlis can be named as the most high-end, prestigious restaurant in town, it also raises your expectations and thus it should be good enough to deliver on those expectations. 
Yes, there is a dress code; men are expected to wear a jacket and a tie, specially if you are sitting by the window. It has an amazing view of the city and you can go a little bit earlier, sit at the bar area and enjoy a well-prepared cocktail and the view.
You are expected to book a table; does not mean walk-ins are not welcome, but you might have to wait longer. Our table was booked for 8:45 and we got there at 8 to have a couple of drinks, but were seated around 9. The place was packed and it was on a Thursday night.
It is a good idea to allocate about 3 hours to this dining experience; with the wait to be seated taken into consideration and different dishes to be served, it could well be over three hours. 
You can choose between a three-course or a 4-course menu and for two people having a three-course menu and a couple of drinks, our bill added up to $300. You are dropping big bucks here, but I imagine you save Canlis for a special occasion; ours was our 5th anniversary.
The best thing about Canlis is not the food, but the service. I can't remember having had a better service anywhere else here in the US or any other country. We were asked at the beginning of dinner what the occasion was, and were congratulated several times during dinner and again prior to leaving the restaurant. Although many people were dining there, it felt as if we were the only two people eating there. Service was spectacular!!!
The food was mostly hit, but had a few misses. While the Fois gras and the filet mignon were exceptional, the salmon was very underwhelming and bland, smelled fishy and was not appetizing. There were some sides you could order with your entree and we got the mushrooms as the side for filet mignon and that mushroom alone was better than two entrees combined.
It was definitely a night to remember. The service definitely made our night.....It was such a pleasure having the chance to try the dishes of the talented chef at Canlis.