Although their pasta is delicious, I don't quite think they live up to 5-stars like everyone else. Bummer. 

So first and foremost, only being open for lunch during the weekdays sucks for us! We've been in Seattle 2 years and today was our first visit because the times don't work for us. Also, you're in downtown, no parking, yada yada yada. There's a garage at the corner of Yesler for $6 for 2 hours (you'll need 2) so save yourself some time and just go there. 

The line was out the door when we arrived at 1pm. And just a heads up, the line stretches the whole way inside, so you're not even close when you think you are inside. We waited a total of about 40 minutes. The etiquette is to seat yourself after you order, and then bus your own table. I absolutely hate the system. Most of the crowd we saw ended up sharing tables with other parties. That's just not my thing. I like space and privacy when I'm having food out. Then the staff are shouting your name and carrying your food through the crowd. It's just a mess in my opinion. 

The menu had 3 pasta options. 2 of them had meat and one was vegetarian, so if you are vegetarian, your choice is definitely limited here. 

The pasta itself is perfect! It's a delicious al dente covered in just the right amount of sauce. I had the celeriac and leek, which was insanely delicious. I have no doubt that any dish you pick will be amazing. They are about $10 per dish, and it's a decent portion size. Most people I saw finished their bowl, but it wasn't too much that you need a nap afterwards. 

The focaccia was moist and a good addition to share with the table. I also enjoyed the kale salad, which was lightly dressed (just like I like it!) and a nice portion size for the price. It could easily be shared. 

Our lunch for 2 was about $35- decent price. Staff at the front taking orders were friendly. The place itself seems clean and I saw staff wiping down tables after guests left. 

I just don't think I'll be back based on the wait time. I don't like waiting in a line watching people eat for almost an hour. And then I felt kinda rushed to eat quickly once we got our food. 45ish minute wait in line. 10 minute wait for food. 10 minutes to eat. Now get out. Not my thing. 

If you have patience, I recommend trying them. If you don't like crowds, then this probably won't be your favorite pasta place. 

Food- 5 stars
Ambience- 2 stars

I have to give 4 stars based on the limited menu, wait times, opening times, and ambience.