Was in the area during HH and decided to finally try out this place with the hubs.  It was about 530PM and we scored some decent parking.  It was impressively busy at the peak of HH.  This place is very small and parking is difficult, but worth it if your wait is not long.  We got the last two topper table available luckily.  The sole server knew it was our first time since I asked her if we could order HH from the regular non bar seating area (yes, you can).  We were promptly seated by her, given menus to browse, and bread from Macrina bakery (at least that's what the menu said their bread was from!).

We both got HH drinks - myself a red wine blend from Italy and the Hubs got Peroni Pilsner beer.  We ordered the spicy meatballs, truffle oil gnocchi, and Chilean sea bass.  The meatballs were huge and came with two huge meatballs with a good kick to it.  I wish the meat was grounded down finer but it's certainly not your typical single ground beef type either.  The leftover sauce tastes good when you use the bread to get all the sauce from the plate!  The truffle oil gnocchi was my favorite!  The very creamy truffle oil sauce was heavenly coating the handmade gnocchi pieces.  The gnocchi pieces were small and easy to eat and offered the perfect gnocchi to cream sauce ratio.  Every bite was delicious!  The Chilean sea bass also pretty great!  I was most impressed by the fact that it was particularly hot when served (not just warm ish... it tasted like it just got taken off the hot pan!) and over a bed of grains- barley I think.  

I thought we would have ordered more but we were pretty full after the three dishes we shared and one drink each.  The dishes are that big but three dishes for two people was just enough.  Our server, Kim A. ??, was so great!  She was spunky and super cute.  She was a great seller trying to get us to drink more or order more food, but it was not over bearing at all.  I actually did want to order more just because she was so persuading!  But my hubs doesn't act on emotions like I do, he said no simply bc he was full. haha She was the only server for the whole place, which is not big, but she worked that room on point!  Never did I feel neglected, never were our water cups empty (shout out to the bus boy on that though!), never did we get a tired grin from an over worked server, service was on point and the food was delicious!  I am waiting to go back!!