Since this was my second visit to Second, it seems like now would be a good time to review it. My first visit was a couple of years ago and was during happy hour and I remember that I enjoyed the experience. I'm going to focus on my brunch experience, since it is much sharper in my mind. 

We arrived Sunday morning, without a reservation and, though the restaurant was bustling, were able to be seated immediately. We opted for a table outside thanks to Austin's mild December weather and a sunny day of 65 degrees. We were served a carafe and two glasses of water within moments. Our server stopped by shortly thereafter to greet us and answer any questions. 

The food:

Cauliflower soup:  AMAZINGLY GOOD!  Creamy in texture and flavor, dressed with toasted cashews and roasted cauliflower pieces and drizzled with a little oil. Seriously, the best version of this I've had. 

Crispy French Toast with a seared foie add-on:  the toast part was a little mushy in texture and though it was cooked, the texture made it seem undercooked. It was served with some strawberries and a side of butter and syrup, but was sweet enough to not need additional sugar. The seared foie was really the best part and since I refer to it as meat butter, I didn't really need to add butter to the dish. It was a lovely sweet and savory combination. 

Home fries: not fries. More like skillet potatoes, but amazingly good. Crisp/soft new potatoes that have been smashed slightly and covered in jalapeos, onions and cilantro or was it parsley?  Anyway, they were the tits. Loved them!

Texas Benedict:  the perfect blend. Pulled pork, poached eggs, chorizo gravy and jalapeo cheese biscuits. Oh my goodness. This was my daughter's plate, but we switched plates mid meal, so I was lucky enough to try it. Divine!  The only minor, tiny, baby complaint was that the biscuits were a little denser/drier than I'd like, but that did allow them to hold up to the gravy better. 

The service was good. Water glasses were filled before they were empty. Our server checked back on us a couple of times. The manager also came by to glad hand. Great experience over all.