This is shocking, right? Two stars for the best restaurant in Seattle? I know, I was quite disappointed as well! I've been here on numerous accounts over the years and each time I was greeted with impeccable service and blown away with delectable creations for my palette. Although the service remained to be amazing, their flavor was off this time, not even factoring the $500 price tag for 3. 

The details:

Hama Hama oysters- hard to mess up, but came out less than chilled. Still good flavor but eating room temp oysters aren't my thing. 

Steak tartare / tuna belly topped with caviar- both good; nothing memorable but nothing notable about the dishes were horrible either. 

Truffle fries- although rich in truffle flavor, definitely overly salted.

Spot prawns- consistency almost tasted mushy. Flavor was garlicky with a hint of citrus; hard to mess up this flavor combo, but nothing about this screamed "Canlis."

Duck- always one of the best items here, but this time it was overcooked. The skin actually had a perfect crisp with just the right amount of seasoning, but the meat itself was tough and with the overcooked consistency it seemed to have lost the transfer of the same flavor the skin had.

Cod- definitely the most disappointing dish of the night. Served with a clam veloute, the light but creamy broth was intended to compliment the fish. However, the clam flavor was overbearing and the broth lacked depth; it tasted like watered down clam chowder. The fish actually had a "fishy" taste and it was as if it seamed like there was no seasoning whatsoever. 

Filet mignon- cooked perfectly, but could have benefited from a nice sear. 

The staff and service was and is always amazing. But this time, the flavors were definitely off; not to Canlis standards. The dining experience is quite lengthy so we neglected to let them know the feedback real time as we didn't want to stay all night, but I'm not sure what's happening in the kitchen at Canlis. Was there a change in chefs? Definitely not the Canlis I remembered and not sure I'll be back anytime soon.