Disclaimer. I'm a tad tipsy but I wanted to write this now before I forget all the great things we had!  So bear with me as we ride this train!

Drinks - wonderful! I had about four rounds of La Recolte. SO. GOOD. It was sweet, but not too sweet, and it made me wanting coming back for more. Get it if you like pear! (Not the shitty fake pear flavored candy or drinks... this was legit). 

My partner had 3 drinks, ranked from least to best: "1789" - it was good, it tasted smokey and sweet, if you're into that sort of thing. Highlight was the chili salt rim. Second best was "L'Aviateur," which you shouldn't be fooled by the color - it's really good in an interesting way. It was sweet, but floral, but not overpowering. Make sure to eat the cherry at the end! It ain't no maraschino cherry! And the best drink, the "French 75." It was a little sweet but not TOO sweet. Super refreshing! 

And now, the food. 

Burrata salad - they did NOT skimp on the burrata at all! The arugula was dressed nicely. It's super important to get all the elements in the salad in each bite. 

Brussels sprouts - sauted perfectly! Not overcooked, and it had a nice char on them. Works well with the almonds, pomegranate seeds and dried cranberries. 

Seared tuna - almost typical - the pepper crust was great! Temperature was good, and I liked the Israeli couscous it came with. Not sure if Israeli couscous, pesto and seared tuna go together, but it was delicious nonetheless. 

Scallop carpaccio - salmon caviar was delicious! It was everything that we needed. It's SUPER light, so it might be best as a starter to your meal. The server asked us if we needed bread with it, and I obviously said yes, not knowing what I was in for. Turns out, there's a lot of olive oil in the dish, which is good for the bread. But the scallops themselves do NOT need bread. Try to eat this dish without others that will overpower this one! 

Duck confit - when it's served, it looks like a lot! Don't mind (or eat) the blades of grass - they're not chives. We learned the hard way. It was just delicious. With the truffle pure on top, and the potato, it's like a savory cake. You just have to try it yourself. 

After a few rounds of delicious varied beverages, we thought we were done. Boy were we wrong! The wait staff insisted that we have dessert. We were full and I thought I couldn't stomach any more. (Pun intended.) The host was a tiny bit upset that we didn't order a crepe and just ordered one for us! He strongly suggested the lemon sugar crepe. It magically appeared in front of us after we paid our check. POPPING SUGAR drizzled on top?! Come on!!! Not too sweet. Loved it. It was like I was eating breakfast. 

If I come back to this area again I'm definitely going back. The staff are wayyyy too nice and accommodating! Drinks are so diverse and innovative!