DISCLAIMER: This review is based solely on service and not the food (we didn't get to eat).

Seeing all of the good reviews and that it is consistently busy each time I walk by, I made a reservation for the bf and I to check this place out last night. We walked in and were quickly shown to our table. Water and bread were served to us, also quickly. This is where service ends for us...
We looked over the menu, discussed what we wanted to order, and looked over the wine list... FOR 15 MINUTES. Meanwhile, the place is bustling - servers attending to their tables, people bringing out food and drinks - normal except, no one attending to our table. We looked around, trying to get people's attention but, alas, nothing. We decided to give it another 5 minutes even though, at this point, we are truly irritated (and hungry!).
FINALLY, a server (Chris) comes to our table and asks if anyone has helped us. We explain we have been sitting for 15 minutes and no one has approached us. He apologizes and explains that this isn't his table but, he'd be happy to help us and offers us glasses of prosecco, which we politely decline.
We start by asking about wine and he brings us one to taste. We don't like it and I ask about the Italian wines. He confesses he doesn't know anything about the Italian wines (odd since he works in an Italian restaurant) and says he'll ask the Italian wine expert to come over and tell us about them (Okaaayyyy...).
It takes the woman a while to get to us and, once she makes it to our table, I ask about the Sangiovese. She talks about it very quickly and, before I can ask about another wine, offers to bring us a taste (Okaaaayyy, again). She seems like she's in a hurry to do something so, we don't say anything and she brings the taste and walks away.
Not liking that wine either, we are thoroughly frustrated as we are, once again, left alone with no wine and no one to ask for something different.
Our server comes back to the table and I decide to order an app. The bf is not happy and wants to leave but I am so hungry at this point, I need something to eat. After the server leaves, we decide to also. We get up to leave and I let our server, who is attending to another table, that we are going to go and to please cancel our appetizer order and I walk to the front door.
The "Italian wine expert" asks the bf why we are leaving as our server is explaining (complaining?) to him that he already put in our appetizer order and brought us tastes of wine. She offers to pay for our dinner but, he explains our experience has already been ruined and we just want to leave.

This was, probably, the most frustrating experience I have ever had at a restaurant.