Dee Dee in Thai means "good good" (double good? good squared? dee-lightful?) and that's an apt description of the food and service we experienced during our relaxed Unofficial Yelp Event (UYE) by Mr. Smidgens on a recent sunny spring Sunday afternoon. The charming food truck proprietor couple, Justin and Lakana, served up for us a generous parade of plates of their favorite Northern Thai street food recipes, and everything really was sooooo good.

The current simple menu features minced and thinly sliced pork, flavorfully marinated and accompanied by sticky rice (love!!), assorted fresh crisp veggies, and garden-grown herbs. While the list of ingredients is short, the dishes deliver big on taste and texture. I adore Thai food (especially anything spicy or seasoned with basil or lime leaves), so Dee Dee hit my palate in all the right places.

Pad Kra Pow: sauteed seasoned minced pork with a light housemade spicy fish sauce, sticky rice, fried egg, cucumber

Moo Ping: overnight marinated, grilled pork skewers with sticky rice and spicy dipping sauce

Larb Moo: spicy & sour minced pork with fresh Thai herbs, sticky rice, Thai basil, cold cucumber

Mango Sticky Rice: dessert dish sweetened with coconut creme sauce and a perfectly ripened fruit

I just cannot wait until her wickedly pungent, not for amateurs Som Tum with Crab makes onto the menu; Lakana was worried that we wouldn't be able to handle it, but I say, "Bring it on!" For pics of what else Lakana has in store for us as the menu grows, check out her colorful instagram at https://www.instagram.com/deedeeatx/

Know before you go:

Parking and getting into the place can be a little tricky, what with popular smokehouse La Barbecue in the same lot plus Stay Gold and Craftsman right next door. Don't worry! You can park a block or so north and sneak into the yard via the back alley off Chicon or Chapa street.

This is an outdoor dining experience in a pea gravel-covered yard, so wear appropriate footwear and be prepared for the weather. 

Bonus: BYOB!