Oops... coming from SF, where fine dining doesn't necessarily mean fine attire, we did not realize there was a dress code at Canlis. To our relief and gratefulness, we were not looked down upon (at least not to our faces!) for our "jeans and t-shirt" attire, but my boyfriend was asked to wear one of the sport coats they had in the back. 

Service continued to be friendly throughout the meal, but it was slightly inconsistent with the bread (my boyfriend was offered more bread twice, each time saying yes, but it was not brought out until well after his second yes. I, on the other hand, finished mine before my entree and was never offered another).

The drinks: 

Almost perfect cocktail - lives up to its name, tastes like the best Manhattan you've ever had.

Velvet jumpsuit (raspberry, tarragon, orange, and Pok Pok Apple vinegar) - very good and tangy, carbonated and refreshing. Non alcoholic.

The food:

The aforementioned bread is football shaped and kind of weirdly pokey on both ends. Served warm and delicious.

You have a choice of three or four courses, or a seven course tasting menu. We chose to have 

Canlis salad with bacon, cherry tomatoes, croutons - a classic, highlighted with a bright dressing that tasted fresh. Cool to taste this in person after hearing raves on Canlis's episode of Top Chef's Seattle season.

Barley porridge with geoduck and sorrels - The geoduck was tasty but that was the only good part of it. The barley was super sour for me. Luckily, my boyfriend liked this well enough.

Butter poached shrimp - melted in my mouth and had a meaty flavor.

Dungeness crab with bok choy - the bok choy was draped over the crab in presentation, and the taste mimicked that. The crab flavor was very masked.

Dry aged duck with beet mol and beets - this dish was incredible, with a sweet, strong duck taste.

Filet mignon - cooked perfectly, but sadly the spinach pure was grossly oversalted. The morels and cippolini onions were just fine but not plentiful enough.

It seemed like the palate at Canlis generally steers toward the sour and/or salty flavors. Nothing was underseasoned, for sure.

Dessert:

Pour over coffee was tasty.

Souffl - eggy and pillowy just as a souffl should be. Stood tall and perfect. They added the crime anglaise table side.

"Cake" hazelnut sponge cake, raspberry granita, elderflower mousse - this was incredible and an out of the box that shows Canlis's modern side. The sponge was so crumbly, not really like a cake but it tasted like one.

The standouts here are the service, the amazing view of Lake Union, the entrees and desserts.

They close out the meal with earl gray and dark chocolate and smores macarons, which were all forgettable. However, they send you home with one of the most amazing things of all - a simple, coconut-filled chocolate bar that tastes like an elevated Mounds bar.