I stopped by for Swine Time this past week and found the Barley Swine that I had always hoped was there.  The food was full of great fresh flavors in beautiful presentations, but in small plates that were completely accessible to my pallet.

We arrived at 5:20 pm on a Wednesday and were able to sit at the bar.  Lucky us, one of our favorite bartenders, Casey, who we know from many great lunches at the bar at Odd Duck has moved up north to Barley Swine and greeted us with a great big smile.  Robert, the bar manager, was also on hand and made a point to check in and make us feel welcome.

We really really liked everything we had.  

Of everything the Smoked Fish salad was the most bland.  But I got some delicious flavors at the end when I was able to incorporate the lime-dressed micro-greens with the avocado and fish salad.  This was a reminder that the key to eating here it to try to taste all components of a dish together in each bite.  What I loved about the fish salad was the presentation of the rich green, finely sliced avocado exquisitely molded over the quenelle of fish salad.
 
The zucchini with apple and goat feta also had a beautiful presentation in the shape of a flower.  In this case the server was sure to instruct us that although very pretty, the flower was meant to be destroyed as we incorporated all ingredients of the dish together to eat.

Oyster mushrooms with rapini and steak sauce were rich and filling.  

Nothing about the description of the Shitake pasta prepared us for this dish.  The pasta was formed into rectangular capsules filled with broth and sealed.  It was an incredible sensation to bite into the al dente fresh pasta and be greeted with a flood of rich broth.

The masa pancakes with apache blue and hot sauce were hearty comfort food.  Due to a food allergy in our party, we asked for the hot sauce on the side, so my photo here does not represent the usual presentation of this dish.

We finished our dining experience with the chocolate ice cream sandwich with mint, milk jam and pecan.  What the menu left off the description was the crunchy honey nougat that was crushed and crumbled over the dessert.  So yummy!

Menus here rotate with the season, so what we had might not be available when you come.  However, I have faith in owner / chef Bryce Gilmore and his team that they will continue to create amazing dishes, as I had on my most recent visit; and I'm eager to try whatever they have on the menu the next time I visit.