Barley Swine positively surprised me, which is hard to do when you go to a restaurant expecting to be completely blown away. Something I love about Barley- the feeling is intimate but relaxed. Though it's a very nice restaurant you are being served by people who are dressed casually with tattoos or whatever else makes them unique, and they know the dishes by heart. It's just more chill and comfortable than any other restaurant I've been to. 

I made reservations in advance for the chef's tasting menu for two. We only ate fish and they said that wouldn't be a problem... so good! There were 11 dishes, and they were all tasty, but some stood out big time. 

Shrimp dumplings with hot sauce- especially interesting because you're expecting dumplings with shrimp in them. Wrong! You get dumplings that have been made out of shrimp. Creative, different, unique, and all those other worlds, plus delicious. 

The shiitake pasta with scrambled egg and grilled broccoli was also special. The pasta was filled with a very strong and deliciously cooked shiitake mushroom concoction. Wonderful flavor and texture. 

And my absolute favorite- the poached red snapper. That fish melted in my mouth and was swimming in the most delicate delicious sauce. The portion is small but the flavors are so special that you want to take small bites to enjoy every single little bit. And a larger portion would be too rich! It was perfect. 

The blackened octopus was also particularly amazing. I had never had octopus that reminded me of chicken, but in a very good way. It was so smoky but tender and meaty all at the same time. That one was also a big winner. 

Not only is it very difficult to prefect such small, amazing dishes, but having top notch service is also very difficult. Just think, we had at least 11 dishes and every dish we were given fresh silverware and often more water. It was perfectly timed and executed. We don't usually treat ourselves to 11 course dinners but we decided that this would definitely be a place we'd come more often. Chef's Tasting Menu- greatest idea ever.