When your former Polish co workers tell you were to go in Greenpoint for the best pierogies....You go! And you are not disappointed! 

Tip: Go at off times! Avoid popular dinner time. This is the late night snack kinda place.

I came here at like 9:45. I was amazed not to be greeted by a horde of people. The popularity of this place is clearly visible with the amount of people waiting for a table. I was able to pop a squat at the bar. At the bar you mainly just heard Polish and some English. It didn't bother me at all. I felt like I was on a little vacation to Poland. I knew I wanted pierogies. A mixture of mushroom and cabbage pierogies would do the trick. I ordered a small beer while I waited for my fried polish dumplings to be prepared.

 It took some time for the locals to start talking to me... But I knew it would happen. The bartender was having her last day since, she was very obviously very pregnant. I felt lucky she didn't have the baby right then an there. She has two more weeks to go. One of the regulars told me she was one of the three bartenders who was having a baby in the last couple months. There are only 7 bartenders! I thought.. I'm glad I was having the beer and not drinking the water.  

When my pierogies arrived my eyes were definitely larger than my stomach. They were tender on the inside and crispy on the outside. Just the way I love them. My co workers were right. The food here is authentic, decadent and delicious! I have to come back and try more of the menu. 

One of the regulars said that it wasn't the water to watch out for but the pierogies... grrrreat! Too late for that. I am happy report this is a myth and you can order the pierogies with no worries but the food baby that comes after. 

I met another one of the former bartenders and she was so nice and from Poland. There is a definite family environment with the staff and the regulars. They had also embraced a Japanese rock star who treks from Bed-Stuy just to come specifically to this bar. 

This is a must stuff-your-face in Greenpoint!