The dragons made me do it! I was wandering around Chinatown looking for a lunch spot when I saw some Lunar New Year dragons dancing on the street and went over to watch. Once the firecracker smoke cleared, I realized I was standing in front of Go Poke, a place I'd been meaning to try. It must have been destiny.

If you've never had poke before, Go Poke is a good place to start. It's clean, spacious, and bright inside, and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful in explaining how it works. First, you'll choose between a poke bowl or burrito, and then you just go down the line, choosing the flavor(s) of poke you want, sides like cucumber salad and crab salad, and extra add-ones like avocado. I asked how spicy the spicy ahi was, and they offered me a sample to help me decide. 

The fish was fresh and good-quality, and the portion size is generous. They do have a vegetarian tofu option, though at $11 for the basic single-flavor bowl, I'm not sure it would be a great value for non-fish-eaters. They also offer Hawaiian-style chips and soft drinks, and DOLE WHIP pineapple soft serve. You can pay $3 extra for a mason jar and bring it back for a discount, and I love Dole whips so much I might just do that!

The dining area is nice, and convenient for a weekday lunch. Service is fast, because everything is pre-made and just needs to be dished up. There's a counter that runs along the front windows for solo diners, and several small tables for groups of two and four. They offer lids for the bowls if you want to take them to go, so they'd travel pretty well, but it seemed like most people stayed to dine in. The servers came around offering free miso soup, and they offered to bring out my Dole whip later in the meal so it wouldn't melt while I was eating. 

It's not the cheapest place for lunch - there's nothing under $10, and it's likely to be closer to $15 if you get a drink, side, or anything but the cheapest menu item. Still, the thoughtful, personal touches and friendly staff made it a great experience and worth the price.