When you are featured on high profile food websites such as Eater, you know that you are going to garner a lot of attention. Such is the situation for ll Corvo Pasta.

ll Corvo Pasta is a very small, and I mean very small, Italian restaurant in Downtown Seattle. It is located on a slope with a view of the water. I'm not sure if this was always the case, but you are going to be waiting A LONG time for a meal at ll Corvo. The restaurant is only open for lunch and rightfully so because they'll be booked all day if they were open longer. 

I'm pretty sure the ultimate appeal about this restaurant is that it sells high quality pasta at smaller, lunch sized portions for $9. Yes, that's right. GOOD PASTA FOR NINE DOLLARS. Since this place opens at 11, this means come at 11am and NOT at noon. Otherwise you won't get in for more than an hour and you'll be waiting on that fun slope.

When you do get in you will notice that the menu is very simplistic. There are generally only 3 pasta items that rotate as well as usual appetizers such as a kale salad, focaccia bread, and a number of sparkling drinks. I ended up getting a pasta which I unfortunately forgot the name of.. it was "Matisa milk with feta..." it had no meat in it but it seemed like a popular choice and so I got it with focaccia bread. 

At this restaurant you don't get a number, you just wait in line, order, and then sit down. The food will be brought to you and then you bus it later. After I ordered, I was quickly brought my bread. Damn, for only $3, this focaccia bread was amazing! I'd give it 10/10.

My pasta soon came out and I have to say it was pretty damn good. For the price, you do get a pretty small plate of pasta but the quality definitely overweighs the quantity. I was definitely full with the bread and loved how creamy my pasta was. I'd give it 9/10.

So, was the wait worth it? With the bread and the pasta, and the overall cost of the lunch. I'd say yes! But next come, definitely check out ll Corvo when it opens immediately. Otherwise, anything will taste good to you. 

Eat well and prosper,