I had this spot bookmarked ever since it was opened a couple months ago and glad I finally got to try it this past Saturday.  The food and service were TOP NOTCH!  I made a reservation for 17 people (birthday party) and Bernard (the Director of Customer Relations) was kind enough to take us in (their limit for group is 15).  Prior to the date of the reservation, Bernard kept in constant email contact with me to update me on the pre-fixe menu he designed for me and I really appreciated the attentiveness!  Our reservation was for the earliest time of 6:00 PM on a Saturday and I am so glad we made a reservation because this place gets PACKED!  Here are the food we had and my thoughts:

Crispy Chicken ($8.00): chicken with sweet and spicy sauce and black sesame crumbles.  All my friends said this looked like General Tso's Chicken but I can assure all of you it tastes nothing like that!  The chicken here was packed with flavor!

Tuna Tataki ($12.00): hummus coulis, sesame vinaigrette, crunchy quinoa, serrano pepper and sumac.  This was served with light wasabi paste and it was so good!

Edamame Dumplings ($10.00): steamed, citrus truffle oil and green pepper.  My group was not a big fan of this dish... it was a bit too doughy and bland for our taste.

Soft Shell Crab ($11.00):  I highly recommend this dish!  You can eat EVERY part of the soft shell crab - it was DELICIOUS!

Gnocchi ($10.00): made with Korean chili pepper sauce, garlic aioli, seaweed crunch.  This is a potato-based dish and it was really good.  The texture is more towards the rice cake side and there is a spicy kick to it!

Avocado ($9.00): a very basic avocado dish... I wouldn't recommend it... the portion was a bit small for the price.

Angry Sweet Potato ($9.00): I absolutely love love love this dish!  It's basically sweet potato fries with sriacha goat cheese.  The fries were packed with flavors and the sriacha goat cheese was surprisingly a really good pairing!

Steak ($12.00): I personally did not try this dish but all my friends were RAVING about how good it was!

Kimchi Paella ($12.00): came with white tiger shrimp, mussles and caramelized kimchi.  I love how the rice is super thick in this dish - it's really good.

Truffle Mac & Cheese ($9.00): one of the best truffled mac and cheese I've ever had!  The mac & cheese was cooked perfectly and I love how it's soooo cheesy.

Bread Pudding ($9.00): OMG THIS DESSERT IS OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!  It was sooo good.  The texture of the dessert is sort of mushy but it's super delicious.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS!

Popcorn Ice Cream ($9.00): I didn't get to try this but heard good feedback from it!

Our whole group also got drinks and adult capri suns - they were all very good and I love how the capri suns light up!

Overall - I had a great first time experience at Thursday Kitchen thanks to Bernard's hospitality.  I can't wait to go back again soon just for a small dinner!